
About the job

Computer Science Faculty Position


Job Description

    Assistant-/Associate-/Full-Professor in Computer Science
    Location: Sitare University, Indore (temporarily Lucknow)
    Employment: Full Time
    Compensation: Above UGC standards
    MCA applicants required to have a PhD
    We prefer PHD in Computer Science



About the University

Sitare University was started in 2022 to provide world-class industry-relevant Computer Science education, free of cost to bright students from economically weak backgrounds. The primary mission of this university is to help in bridging inequalities in our society through technical education and allow access to best job opportunities to bright underprivileged students so that no talented student is left behind due to economic reasons. This university is funded by Sitare Foundation, whose members and guides are leaders from Silicon Valley, top American and European institutions, industry leaders, and venture capitalists. Further information about Sitare University can be found at https://sitare.org/univ/


Job Highlights

Sitare University invites applications for a teaching faculty position. The appointment will be made as a Professor, with rank (Assistant, Associate or Full Professor) depending upon the candidate's seniority and experience. An ideal applicant for this position will have a strong commitment and aptitude for teaching undergraduate students. 


Qualifications


Essential: 

    M.Tech./M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science or a closely related discipline from a reputed institute or university.
    Expertise in Machine Learning, Systems, Security, HCI.
    Desirable : Over 2 years of teaching or industry experience in a relevant field.



Primary Responsibilities:

    Teaching classes, typically two courses per semester.
    Working to develop CS undergraduate curriculum.
    Involvement in the broader CS educational community.



Perks and Benefits

    Higher compensation than IITs and NITs.
    Sincere students committed to learning.
    Transparent promotion policy.
    Gender equality and unbiased working environment.
    Opportunity to work with international faculty to develop novel pedagogical approaches.
    Opportunity to make a significant positive contribution to society.
    Easy access to top venture capitalists for faculty developing software products.



Application Process

All applications must include:

    Cover letter
    Curriculum vitae (3 pages total, including at least 3 references)
    Brief teaching statement
    Any other material relevant to evaluating the applicant's teaching abilities



Please apply through LinkedIn or via email addressed to Ms. Pratibha Chauhan at careers@sitare.org